# Castillok_eIlumin_WApp2
This deliverable is the link to your GitHub location - I will meet with your team to have you demo the web application to me and discuss it. The link is due Saturday night, but we will meet and discuss it the following Monday at class time.  WApp2 is the second milestone checkpoint as you continue development of your quarter project web application. Goals are for me to make sure that you are on track to produce a final project that is worthy of the quarter's credits and grade. This deliverable should be low stress in terms of functionality, however, you must demonstrate in your submission that you are making progress.  I will assign your group in Canvas groups.  For this assignment I would like a brief candid assessment in GitHub of which group members are responsible for which parts of the development (put this in your README.md markdown file). All members of the group will receive the same grade for this assignment. Make sure that your GitHub folder tree is correct and mirrors the ASP.NET MVC tree that is created in Visual Studio that we have studied and that you should be well familiar with by this time.  All standard components of software development that you have studied so far will be considered a fair target as part of your evaluation. You are expected to write good, clean, well-formatted and documented code that is highly readable and follows the standard architecture and naming conventions of MVC 5 as described in the Galloway book and the Dykstra tutorial. Your code must maintain the separation of concerns that MVC prescribes for the Models, Views, and Controllers that you include.
